Add link to EventBrite tickets (#5)
WebOfTrustInfo/rwot11-the-hague: README.md

The goal of the workshop is to generate five technical white papers and/or proposals on topics decided by the group that would have the  greatest impact on the future.

> Links to the EventBrite page to order tickets to RWOT2022: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/rebooting-the-web-of-trust-xi-2022-the-hague-tickets-347605426187

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links to the EventBrite page to order tickets to RWOT2022: https://rwot11.eventbrite.com
```
